Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Morning.
Charles Dickens: Morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you today.
Charles Dickens: Good, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good just starting my morning in you.
Charles Dickens: I've been out for a while with the girls took them to school. My wife's out of town for work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah, how are things going
Charles Dickens: I'm kind of confused with some stuff. So, um, so I tried to find out. You asked me to find out about the doctors appointment with Dr. Jamison, and I talked to Jamie and she and I could be wrong and but she's like, You only get a doctor appointment. If you ask for it.
Charles Dickens: And then she said, and so I asked, What do I do if I need a question or whatever she's like, Oh, well, you can ask us and we'll send her a message and then we'll determine
Charles Dickens: If in show determine if there needs to be an appointment. And I said, Well, what about some type of direct email or something. And she said, they don't do that and then
Charles Dickens: Yesterday and group. Dr. Jamison sent me a private thing that she wants me to see some psychiatrists, I didn't understand what she was saying, because I think that
Charles Dickens: She, she typed something wrong, but it said something like the meta I confirm with the medical director that
Charles Dickens: Anti psychosis is a side effects of Suboxone I think in that she means psychosis is a side effect of Suboxone will you be willing to see a psychiatrist. And I said, Sure arm.
Charles Dickens: And and
Charles Dickens: And then the other thing I'm confused about which may not have anything to do with you is this group. The first 25 minutes is spent.
Charles Dickens: Asking people if they need refills so yesterday. There's like 10 or 11 people in the group and we didn't even start the group until like 1055
Charles Dickens: So I'm like, I don't know that benefit when some people, they'll say, Oh, yeah. Things are good. There's not enough time for me to talk about what's going on. So I'll let someone else talk. So I don't know if
Charles Dickens: How beneficial. It's going to be if there's 10 to 15 people in a group and at the end of the day, there's going to be like 35 minutes for people to get feedback but
Charles Dickens: But because so what I shared with her yesterday or the group is the same thing. I kind of shared last week is that
Charles Dickens: I
Charles Dickens: Probably my biggest stressors. My wife because she doesn't understand and she doesn't
Charles Dickens: Like she's
Charles Dickens: She started out as like a regular attorney and now she runs that law firm. She's the head partner and all that she's super, super, super, super Taipei and although I was a cop. I could be laid back and all that. Well, now I don't have the patience that I used to have, and
Charles Dickens: You know, we get into arguments over money and just like
Charles Dickens: The other day I went to the grocery and I got a coconut for the girls for $2 and I, and then when she comes home from work, she says, Well,
Charles Dickens: Why are we spending 14% and credit card interest for $2 because I don't have any money I have to get money from her. And there's this huge argument. She wants to spend cash all the time and we have all this real estate and mortgages and 4000 a month for a girls.
Charles Dickens: School. And I'm like, babe. You're gonna you're gonna you're going to wipe our savings out, you're going to wipe everything out like you have to use a credit card until I get a job until I get medically stable. It's and she refuses to do it. She's like, no, and she just
Charles Dickens: So that's why I have no money anymore. I followed her what she wanted to do of spinning cash. So then the next day after lecturing me about $2. She's like, you take my Porsche.
Charles Dickens: To go get cleaned and I'm like, all right, where do you want me to take it and she's like Walnut Creek, which is like 25 minutes from relive
Charles Dickens: And then it's 60 bucks. And I'm like, well, now I'm confused. And she's like, confused about what and I'm like, Okay, nevermind. Like, I'm not like I don't have the patience to be like okay you lecture me on $2 and now
Charles Dickens: You want me to go spend 60 bucks to clean your car and
Charles Dickens: And then
Charles Dickens: We got into a like really, really, really bad last Thursday, because I just tell her like
Charles Dickens: How much have you learned about Suboxone like how much have you learned about drug addiction. Like, how much have you learned
Charles Dickens: So you can help me and you can understand from your standpoint, and it's very frustrating because I'm like, at one point.
Charles Dickens: I can be the social worker that I used to be in a group counselor to tell her what she needs to do, and about addiction and I'm like, you got to look at this is like cancer. Like, literally, this is a medical issue. There's some type of chemical that's messing up my brain.
Charles Dickens: And she's like, I don't need to read it, I can listen to you and you can tell me what's going on. But if you're going to be an ass. Oh, I'm not. I don't take shit from anyone. And I'm like,
Charles Dickens: And she's like Suboxone and opioids are no longer an excuse because you you know what's going on. You know when you're having a bad day and you're not going to talk to me that way. And I'm like, You just can't.
Charles Dickens: You, you can't like people are going to have bad days, no matter what goes on. So it just kept getting worse and worse and she started screaming and I start screaming and she's like, shut the windows and they were going to hear. And I'm like, I don't understand, like,
Charles Dickens: You can have a bad day, but I can't. And she's like, well, you need to be a man and get a job. And we don't have no money and
Charles Dickens: And I'm like,
Charles Dickens: The reason why I want you to understand what's going on with addicts and whatever is if you realize what people do. I don't do any of that stuff.
Charles Dickens: I take care of the kids. I do all the grocery shopping I do a laundry a clean your bathroom I clean your toilet I clean your sink. I do all the dishes, I do all that stuff.
Charles Dickens: And I try to keep it together every single day. She's like, but that's what you should do. You're the dad and you're the husband without a job. Like, why wouldn't you do that. I'm like, that's what I'm trying to tell you is not only do I not want to do it.
Charles Dickens: Regular people that are addicted. They're going to run out and they're going to
Charles Dickens: Use more they're going to cheat on their wives, they're going to spend money they're going to stay. They're going to stay away from a trigger your my trigger
Charles Dickens: One of my triggers and you make things worse. And she's like, Well, how can I make things worse. I'm the only one that loves you and support you. I'm the old and I'm like, but that's the thing.
Charles Dickens: So she said, I said, Can you just be nice and compassionate when I'm having a bad day. Can you like
Charles Dickens: Hug me and be like, hey, is everything going on. You want to fire back and be like, Don't talk to me. Either way, motherfucker. You want to talk to me that way, motherfucker. You can get out the house. It just goes on and on. And I'm like,
Charles Dickens: But when you have a bad day and you have to work late or whatever you sleep in.
Charles Dickens: She sleeps in every single day.
Charles Dickens: I get up at 630 with the girls and I get them ready for school and all that she gets up most of the time, after we leave for school.
Charles Dickens: He sleeps in
Charles Dickens: Sleeps in on the weekends and which I don't. The problem I don't have an issue with that. My thing is if I have a bad day. She's like, What, you don't, you're not working and you understand
Charles Dickens: That you have a you have the opioids problem, like you understand. So I don't understand. Like, why do you, that's your job is to take care of the kids while I work
Charles Dickens: So why would you need a day off like you get six hours off every single day in between taking them and picking them up from school. I'm like, it's just, it's
Charles Dickens: You have a very simplistic reductionist way of looking at life and it's just not that way. Like, you need to be very lucky that I don't do things that other people do. And she's like, Well, I wouldn't be with you then. And I'm like, it just goes around in this circle of
Charles Dickens: I'm just like, I don't know.
Charles Dickens: So then she said, can you be more thankful
Charles Dickens: For me, and I'm like, Okay, she's like, all you do is say, Thank you. Can you tell me why you're thankful and show me your gratitude and let me know why. So I'm like, okay, so I started doing that.
Charles Dickens: Saturday we got into a huge fight again because I said, hey, I don't really understand what's going on.
Charles Dickens: I tell you, ask you, like, Hey, how's it going, and I think for you. And she's like, but it's just kind of like a robot LIKE YOU'RE JUST KIND OF LIKE, OH, THANK YOU. THANK YOU FOR A, B and C. I don't think that you're sincere and I'm like why don't know
Charles Dickens: I don't know what you want to do. And then she then I started getting triggered of feeling bad and getting really mad, and I was just like, all right, you got to give me some time, like, give me some time. So we get in the car and we're going to her parents house for
Charles Dickens: boxing match. I'm a huge boxing fan, we go there to watch this boxing match. And one of my buddies in from was came in from out of town, and that I hadn't seen since the wedding.
Charles Dickens: And she just keeps pounding me like, what are you thinking and answer my questions. And I'm like, you're not gonna like it. I'm not. I'm telling you right now. I've told you
Charles Dickens: When I asked you to give me my space, you got to give me my space and just calm down. The girls are in the back. I don't want to argue or anything. And she just kept going and going and then I started answering her questions.
Charles Dickens: And she got more and more pissed and just more and just you don't appreciate me and you think you're better than everyone and I'm the only one that loves you and support you and just like this belittling stuff and
Charles Dickens: And I'm like, You gotta stop. You gotta stop and then it just starts cycling out of control.
Charles Dickens: And I'm like, all right, well, then I'll just take myself out of the equation. Like, I'm just tired of I'd rather
Charles Dickens: KILL MYSELF. Then listen to you repeatedly tell me that I'm a failure when I'm not trying to fail, like everything that I'm trying to do. I said, I try to lead. So my day is how can I be better for myself and how could I make your life better and easier and how can I
Charles Dickens: Make the girl's life easier. And she's like, Well, I tell you that you can sleep in on the weekends. And I'm like, it's not about sleep. It's not, it's not like like right now she's out of town for work.
Charles Dickens: Then next week. She's gone for three days for work, she goes to Hawaii. You didn't say what she could. I don't care what she does. They're like,
Charles Dickens: We've caught her on FaceTime, and she's on the beach. I don't care. I don't care. You can
Charles Dickens: You're working you're paying the bills. That's fine. I don't care if you're there for three days and you only have one day of meetings. I don't care. And your job pays for, I don't care.
Charles Dickens: What I'm saying is I never get a break. I've never had a break when I've had issues with or there's been like a day here there that she'll she can tell like I am.
Charles Dickens: Bad, and I can't get out of bed and stuff but like she's in Salt Lake City right now for two days she
Charles Dickens: That's a break. She's like, it's not a break, because I have to fly on a plane and now there's the coronavirus and now I have to be away from my kids. And I'm like, but there is no interruption.
Charles Dickens: You get to go out to eat. You all are high price attorneys, and I know you. You're my wife have been with you for 10 years you're not
Charles Dickens: Eating it nothing below 4.5 stars on Yelp and for dollar signs, you're going to get a good meal.
Charles Dickens: All of that you're going to get massages, you're going to the pole, you're going to the gym, you're going to relax. You're going to sleep.
Charles Dickens: Now if you don't sleep well whatever cuz she'll be like, Oh, well I've missed the girls. Okay. Well, I understand that, but whatever.
Charles Dickens: I don't have any of that. I don't, I don't even know she was leaving until yesterday she forgot to send me all the emails for flights and I said, that's what I'm saying is I don't get a break every, every single time is you get to travel. You get breaks
Charles Dickens: If, when I was working and I was gone for days on end, she goes to her parents house and gets a break and takes off. I don't do that. I don't have any
Charles Dickens: I don't have any family here. I keep the kids and I keep them here and entertain, though, and she doesn't see that she's just like, Yeah, but I have to travel. I like but it's a break. Like that's, I don't understand what you don't see like
Charles Dickens: Most people not most, but a lot of people that I know that travel
Charles Dickens: 50% of the time they love to travel because they get a break from their family. And I'm like, so you can't say that it's not a break. Like, there is no interruptions and
Charles Dickens: Then she's like, Well, if you're trying to be a better person, why are you watching Netflix at 9pm should you be sleeping. And I'm like, Okay. Like, I don't. What do you want me to do to prove to you that I'm like struggling. Like I don't under, I just don't understand. I don't
Charles Dickens: Like, what can I do to prove
Like
Charles Dickens: What do you want me to do. Like what else is a person supposed to do, and she's like, well, I mean, I don't know if I should search through your emails to prove that you're
Charles Dickens: applying for jobs. And I'm like, Okay, you can search through my emails all you want, but here's the thing is that I don't
Charles Dickens: I don't, I don't even know if I can go back to her and the trigger for her. What happened is I got denied disability.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This
Charles Dickens: may not make any sense because it took forever for me understand when I was working in Mountain View for the city of Mountain View, where Google is
Charles Dickens: They played into a private fund. So they never paid the state for any disability.
Charles Dickens: So when I applied for disability. They're like, there's no money for you here. We grant you the money, but there's no money to pull from. So when I went back to Mountain View, they they denied me for pre existing condition.
Charles Dickens: And they're like, you're done. You've, you've been dealing with your neurological disorder for 15 years. And so then unemployment was like, well, you're disabled, we can't give you any money.
Charles Dickens: With disabilities like if if there's no money for you. You have to get unemployment, like that's the only way that else you get money. So this has been almost four months now, three months, and she's just like, What do you want to like
Charles Dickens: Go washing dishes or whatever. And I'm like, Okay, we want to go wash the dishes, that's fine, I'll do that. But it's not going to be good for me mentally
Charles Dickens: Well, you need to be a man and you need to grow up. You're 40 years old, like, all right, and then and then like
Charles Dickens: She'll wake me up at like one in the morning because she's watching Netflix, even though I'm not supposed to be watching Netflix.
Charles Dickens: To be like, oh, I shouldn't have said that to you. I hope you feel better. And she just and then for like a day she'll be like, I shouldn't have said that. T. I'm so sorry.
Charles Dickens: And I'm like,
Charles Dickens: You want to live the same life that we had like six months ago, you can't you can't, we can't like the school gave us a break.
Charles Dickens: They, they gave us $1,000 off every month.
Charles Dickens: And she's like, now what I want to give me January in February for free for one of the, one of our girls and then March next March, she she gets a bonus every year for like $100,000 and she's like, I'm going to pay you back the money that oh you. I'm like, You gotta
Charles Dickens: If someone's being kind to you and offering you gotta, you got to take it like she's like, I'm not a bum and I don't take free gifts from anyone. I'm an immigrant, I had to fight for everything. I get
Charles Dickens: Oh, she's Indian and she from Fiji. She's like, I have to fight for everything I've ever had. And I'm not having anyone and all that. And so it just cycles into
Charles Dickens: That of that. And then I don't want to hang out with her family because they all. Some of them are just nosy because normal people are nosy her parents are like, super religious and in Hindu and
Charles Dickens: It's a, it's like I'm Catholic, so I don't. So they have to hire these priest and they pay him hundreds of dollars to pray for me to find a job. And I'm like,
Charles Dickens: I don't want you doing that. And I told my wife like where are your parents. Oh, don't disrespect my parents. That's how we do it in Hindu and I'm like, just, they can pray
Charles Dickens: Like you, my wife has a little one here ever every Hindu has like a private temple or area in our home. And I'm like, she can pray in the in the house like don't bring this priest in and
Charles Dickens: So, and then when friend. Well, I don't have that many. But when people call it a check on me or come over, I get very overwhelmed and like very
Charles Dickens: Have a stutter. Now, at times and I've memory loss and it becomes very overwhelming to like explain what's going on and try to be like to try to be normal, like right now like throughout the day, like doing the house stuff and all that. Like it doesn't really bother me like
Charles Dickens: Not that much like I'm not. But once I start picking up the girls and my wife comes home and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He
Charles Dickens: I don't know if you have kids, but they're just
Charles Dickens: They just
Charles Dickens: The constant bickering and fighting and the screaming it's it's it's
Charles Dickens: It's really hard for me to, like, kind of like keep it together and I have to like take breaks and go the bathroom a lot and kind of calm myself down because I get very overwhelmed and it's very challenging for something that used to be very easy for me.
Charles Dickens: Sure. So, and finally Monday.
Charles Dickens: I get to see this world. I don't know if he's world renowned but us renowned
Charles Dickens: Neurologist and for the neurological stuff. But Dr Jameson's like we can't. I can't. She's like, if you want to go up the method or the Suboxone slowly you can, but you don't have a neurologist like
Charles Dickens: So I have to talk to that neurologist on Monday about getting off this methadone, because I'm still are not methadone or Suboxone because I'm still just like a different person. And it's just it's and I have a job interview on Monday, but it's like a video thing.
Charles Dickens: But it's a it's for a police, it's a it's a
Charles Dickens: You know Marin County right rich people. So it's for the Marin County Sheriff's Office, but it's for a corner investigator.
Charles Dickens: And I'm like, I don't know if I want to see dead babies for the next 20 years and dead people. And so it's like you're a crime scene investigator and all this and
Charles Dickens: If I don't take that job, or even like go through. I'm going to talk to my wife about it tonight, but I just don't. I've seen enough dead people in my life. And I don't know if I just want to
Charles Dickens: see dead people like it's every single murder. I would have went out every the, you know, I'd be one of the investigators, but I don't know if I want to see. I used to be a
Charles Dickens: Sex Offender specialist and I don't know if I want for the federal government. I don't know if I want to see dead babies and dead people cut up and shotgun blown off Facebook and I've already done that stuff. And I don't know if I want to do it anymore and
Charles Dickens: I'm trying to get in like the private sector of like Facebook and Google and Pinkerton like all these places as like a threat assessment, like a
Charles Dickens: Stuff like that. But it doesn't work fast enough. My wife's name. She meaning it doesn't work fast enough for she immediately she gets so overwhelmed and and I'm like, you're overwhelmed will throw an opioid addiction and she's like, Yeah, but that's an every, every time I talk about like
Charles Dickens: This is overwhelming and this. She's like, but you know why it's overwhelming. And I'm like, babe, like
Charles Dickens: When I was a social worker. If I just told people, hey, if you stop smoking crack your life gets better. Some of those people would actually stop smoking crack and they didn't know what the fuck to do
Charles Dickens: Yeah, they didn't know what to do, because the answer is very simple, but the implementation of the plan. It's very difficult and
Charles Dickens: You know, we're at where we are partly my fault, but we also have the neurologist that
Charles Dickens: Like a spell. I felt bullied to go will not bullied, but
Charles Dickens: Thoroughly talked into the opioids, but I was also going through a significant amount of pain and all that and
Charles Dickens: So, and I completely cut out the marijuana. I did that, like two weeks ago because I gotta get a drug test.
Charles Dickens: So,
Charles Dickens: And I just
Charles Dickens: I don't know. And then my like one of my buddies called me last night that I kept ignoring and ignoring and
Charles Dickens: We talked for like two hours. And I told him what was going on. And he's like, why would you tell me this, and why would you ignore me like
Charles Dickens: My kids always asked about you. My wife says, You're my only true friend like and I thought I'd done something to you and
Charles Dickens: And then he's like, I don't believe you did. And I'm like, dude, I'm not lying, like I'm not like what I just told you is, it's not made up like that.
Charles Dickens: He's like, I would never think that you would be suicidal and I'm like dude, that's, that's my issue is, that's what I was telling the neurologist and he wouldn't listen and
Charles Dickens: Why would anyone get on opioids for restless leg syndrome. And I'm like, dude, it's just
Charles Dickens: That's this is why I don't call people because they're gonna and I know that you don't mean to do it in a rude way but it's like
Charles Dickens: I don't want to be second guess for stuff that I've already. I understand that. I can't that I shouldn't have done a lot of things with medications, but I went through every single medication. I could before I got on the opioids and then
Charles Dickens: So,
Charles Dickens: You know, and
Charles Dickens: I mean, one thing I do understand is a lot of things.
Charles Dickens: A lot of the
Charles Dickens: Decisions that I made. So
Charles Dickens: I was at the Alameda County Sheriff's Office for five years and I don't know how much you watch the news, but even though some of this stuff. I was on the medication and opioids.
Charles Dickens: I and my wife, my wife hate. She says, I have this huge moral code. Well, I mean with Trump. I don't even know. I mean, that just turn the world around when it comes to the moral code. But there's a lot of stuff on the news.
Charles Dickens: About Alameda County, all these guys being arrested and stuff like that. Well, I actually reported a lot of those guys long before they were arrested and I got just destroyed.
Charles Dickens: I just got destroyed at work, like I just got
Charles Dickens: You know, I mean, turn into a hostile work environment. So that's why I switch to the city of Mountain View, and then
Charles Dickens: Some stuff happened there to where
Charles Dickens: I just
Charles Dickens: Got like I got
Charles Dickens: Like 32 year old guys are like trying to bully me at home like Nah, bro. Like I'm 40, you're not gonna you're not. I'm not. This
Charles Dickens: Fucking 22 year old out of the academy, you're not going to speak to me this way and then they just kept pushing me and pushing me and then I'm like, dude, I'm not. I don't I don't deal with this bullshit and they, you know, they go to they eventually went to like the surgeon and
Charles Dickens: Well, first, like some sergeants, and some other like respected guys are coming to me like, Hey, man. Just keep your mouth shut. Those guys are trouble leave them alone.
Charles Dickens: Well, then the same Sergeant that was telling me to just lay low is like hey, there's been some complaints out on you because you're reckless you've actually pointed your gun at people and I'm like this is fucking Mountain View. I mean,
Charles Dickens: How many times you pull your gun and Mountain View. Like, I don't like. And I'm like, well, who filed the complaints and then they told me. And I'm like,
Charles Dickens: You know, these guys are harassing me
Charles Dickens: So like, why, and then this is though methadone stuff and the paranoia and all that. And I'm like, so you know that these guys are harass me
Charles Dickens: And now they're coming after me. Like, why, why, why are you not going after them and they spilled over into this. Hey, it's not going to work out, you're still on probation and that just pisses me off because she's like
Charles Dickens: This before I guess the hope, like we knew that really what the problem was with opioids and she's like, well,
Charles Dickens: You when you left the sheriff's office because you tried to be you were a whistleblower, and they they just destroyed you and now they came after you at Mountain View. Again, the old school guys and
Charles Dickens: You stood up to them and now like you. You didn't think about your family and think about kids and
Charles Dickens: And that's what I've told her is like, I don't know. I know that's something I have to work on. That's another reason I don't know if I want to go to the Marine County Sheriff because
Charles Dickens: It's hard to explain like
Charles Dickens: Being inside as a cop. Like there's very few good cops and I don't mean like good at their jobs like good people like the old school guys are just
Charles Dickens: They use the ratio, the racially insensitive and
Charles Dickens: disrespectful to women and all this and those guys never get in trouble. And there's so much nepotism and harassment and sexual harassment and sleeping around and all this stuff that
Charles Dickens: I don't want to be a part of that.
Charles Dickens: And then you throw in opioids and withdrawals and all that and it becomes overwhelming. And that's what I was telling me like I gotta, like, get some type of baseline.
Charles Dickens: To wear or work somewhere. I know there's going to be politics or where you work, but I can't work with people that I've active domestic violence charges against them.
Charles Dickens: And they're a cop. Like I just can't. Oh, they're guilty until proven as. Come on, like,
Charles Dickens: Being a cop. I can tell you, like probably 90% of arrest are going to be pretty much legitimate and that's so I told her, like I've ignored. A lot of this stuff for years and
Charles Dickens: Now that the girls are getting older and they realize that, because they asked all the time like are you going to work. Are you still sick and that hurts my feelings, because it's like, and I don't. They don't mean anything by it but it's like
Charles Dickens: That's what I tell her, like if I don't get better it's going to be a lot a lot worse, and I don't
Charles Dickens: And I told her, like, I don't know when I said that I'd rather kill myself then listen to you and other people think that I'm a disappointment. First off, I've never talked like that before. And second off. Like, why are you not like scared or surprised. Your responses.
Charles Dickens: Oh that's stupid. You know, it's the opioids. Just stop thinking that way. Like, it's just, it's not but Doc, I can tell you when my wife has a bad day.
Charles Dickens: Who listens to her for the whole hour I don't I don't interrupt i don't i wait for her to ask me. Okay, wait for it, asked my feedback and this and the other. And so that's where I'm at, like, I don't
Charles Dickens: She, she doesn't realize it's like a huge circle of like everything relates
Charles Dickens: So, and she says stuff like, Well, why don't you go out with your buddies and I'm like, well, they don't know what's going on. And what if I have a seizure. What if I start freaking out and
Charles Dickens: They don't have to, like, get comfortable with you and the girls and public and taking them to school and hanging out with your family. That's my opinion I could be wrong but
Charles Dickens: I'm like, I got to get this baseline and keep working on that and working on that and working on that and not worry about these triggers and stuff like that and and
Charles Dickens: And I think what's frustrating for her is like, I think she she trusts me and knows I'm telling the truth is, like, I don't drink. I don't cut off the marijuana the marijuana helped, but I can't because of jobs but
Charles Dickens: I'm not. I think because she sees me do what I do, what she's actually told me before. She's like, if you don't tell me that you need help.
Charles Dickens: Then I'm not going to help you not like, but when I asked for help. Sometimes
Charles Dickens: Like one day I was a couple weeks ago.
Charles Dickens: And I'm like something wrong. I don't feel well. She just throw the huge fit you don't fucking work. And now I gotta fucking take off from work and now I got to work from home.
Charles Dickens: And because both girls had the flu, because the flu like wiped out their school so I think they got me sick. And then what the opioid stuff and then
Charles Dickens: I'm like, Something's wrong. And she's like, fuck, dad, and this is ridiculous. And I have to work from home and data. So that's what I tell her, like, that's why I don't tell you stuff like that's that's what happens like I i tell you stuff and I get
Charles Dickens: I get fucking thrilled. It's like, no, it's just because I just, I'm so bad and work and that the girls are so overwhelming and I don't want them to watch TV. So I have to entertain them.
Charles Dickens: I'm like, well, then let them watch TV for so you can work and I can get better. And then she's like, what really made me upset, is you slept like 10 o'clock and you got up and you were trying to help me.
Charles Dickens: Like, don't try to help me when when I'm trying to the girls are sick and I don't want your help. If you're sick that you should stay in bed, and I'm like,
Charles Dickens: I'm just like, and I'm sure she would have a different way of presenting all this but I just tell her. Like that's that's
Charles Dickens: just not going to work. I don't know what you want me to do, like, I can't be this person that you want me to be like
Charles Dickens: The old trolls isn't going to come back for a while until I get better. And unless you support it. She says that she is supportive, but she's not. And I'm like, if you are just nice.
Charles Dickens: And comforting, you will get super different results. And she's like, but that may not be my personality.
Charles Dickens: And it may be too hard for me. And I'm like, it should not be too hard, that I said. Think about it like with the girls when the girls come in and they're there, they're angry and upset or they're frustrated or they're they're there.
Charles Dickens: They're hungry and they don't want to take a bath. Like if you keep arguing with them. They get worse. Like, you have to give me a chance and they have to realize that sometimes people have bad days. And the problem is, is what I'm going through is probably more bad days than not, and
Charles Dickens: That you have to realize like at nine o'clock watching Netflix. Why do people watch TV for an escape like it's just you can go do whatever you want and watch whatever you want. And that's why I do it. Like, I don't know.
Charles Dickens: That's why you do it. Like, that's what I tell my wife, and it's just a
Charles Dickens: And she gets very frustrated with. She's like, what's Dr jamison's plan. And I'm like, babe. I told you two days ago I I gotta get a neurologist, I cannot
Charles Dickens: Okay. First is, yes, the psychosis and the opioid the psychosis from the opioids and getting off though. Yes, we all are agreement that that's number one. Like, we're all are in agreement.
Charles Dickens: But if I stop the Suboxone I have to go through withdrawals from Suboxone and then the restless leg syndrome. And I've tried. I've tried it twice.
Charles Dickens: Since I got put on Suboxone and I just couldn't I just couldn't do it. Yeah.
Charles Dickens: Well, I have to have a neurologist as well to that walks through, you have to have to understand that and then two days later. Well, what's the plan.
Charles Dickens: Was like, why, like why don't you start it now. Like, why don't you start weaning off Suboxone and I'm like, it's just been two weeks to get off to marijuana
Charles Dickens: And I'm trying to get some type of consistency on Suboxone and mentally and we just had a knock down drag out fight like two days ago and I don't understand how you realize like, that's, that's not that's not healthy.
Charles Dickens: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got a lot going on.
Charles Dickens: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I hear is that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There has to be a change in perception. First off, about what you do at home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because it is a job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, the second thing that I hear is that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You do need a break. You do need to be able to recover. You do need to be able to do healthy things for yourself to be able to build your strength, while you're going through this process.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's a piece of it too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's not as easy as just stopping or just changing or knowing where the thoughts are coming from. But it's about learning how to work through the thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Learning how to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Manage
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This whole thing in a whole different manner and you know that's where I think that your wife can definitely benefit from that educational piece about addiction and what it does to our brains and what it does to our body what it does to our emotions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's a bigger picture than then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Than just stopping. It's a bigger picture than
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then what I think she believes that it is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's also that the piece that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, empathy is really an important piece of recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you have to be able to put yourself first, you have to be able to put your recovery first before you can ever be been a be benefiting your family and your, your marriage and you know there's that piece as well. And then I also hear like there's, there's a whole underlying piece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: About you not working. I think that there's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know there is low self esteem that you know there for you. And there's a resentment piece you know tour with your wife that she probably needs to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Address. You know when you, when something constantly gets brought up and gets thrown up at in arguments, you're not working, but you are working
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's it. That's a piece, you know, that's a misunderstood piece about being at home with the kids and doing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All the work that you do in the house and taking care of the family. It is a job, whether you know people want to believe it or not, it is it's work it's mentally exhausting emotionally exhausting and physically exhausting and then let's throw on you know what's going on with you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, neurologically let's get let's throw on you know the addictive part and that makes it 10 times worse. It feels so heavy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what are you doing as far as. Are you going to any meetings or are you going to any kind of support group system.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That can help you.
Charles Dickens: Oh, I
Charles Dickens: Will I started back
Charles Dickens: I'm slowly working back up to like my rigorous exercise training to get back up to like 15 miles of running like three, four times a week and
Charles Dickens: That's helped better with asleep, and I've never really had a problem with eating well, I mean, outside of methadone withdrawals, but
Charles Dickens: That's what I tried to do and I was at Kaiser and I repeatedly was like telling the neurologist and addiction specialist like
Charles Dickens: I need something like someone to talk to, and don't other. Oh, no, no, no. Like you have so much money and
Charles Dickens: We met your wife, she's so successful, you have a support system. And I'm like, No, dude, like I'm telling you, like, there's got to be like something else. So, I mean, I have the I Have you and then I have that the group on Wednesdays. But like I said, I don't. I feel
Charles Dickens: I don't like
Charles Dickens: It's not just me, but like we wait there for 20 minutes what Dr. James and ask everyone. What's your Suboxone and
Charles Dickens: I don't, I don't know why that can't be done some other time because because some guy, like I say, like some guys don't even talk and I just
Charles Dickens: You know they bring them up on the they look so frustrated and beat down and then I'm new.
Charles Dickens: And they, they're like, okay, let's give Charles, a little bit more time and talk to us about what going on. And then all these guys are trying to give me advice and I'm like okay I appreciate all that and then I feel bad because
Charles Dickens: Other guys don't have enough time to talk. And so, I mean what I think would be good for me and I, my wife says she supports it, but it's it's it's the thing in the back of the head where you
Charles Dickens: And I'm not trying to like get involved in your personal life. I'm just trying to like related to you. It's like, I don't, I don't want to. This happens. It's very common marriages has nothing to do with like opioids during that and God, I don't
Charles Dickens: I like when my wife says like, hey, you can sleep in tomorrow if you want. I don't believe her. I just don't. It's not sincere. I know my wife, my wife loves sleep like
Charles Dickens: It's like the girls sleep work and then me like I totally believe that I don't really, it's not that big of an issue to me but
Charles Dickens: So I don't find her sincere. So, what I mean is that if she's like, hey, go hang out with Chris and Craig and all of them is that in the back of her head is
Charles Dickens: How much is this costing us. Is this going to cost us money and this that and the other, and that that's the thing is like I when I was talking to my buddy Chris last night. He's like,
Charles Dickens: Hey, we're going to go to. We both a bunch of us listen to the same podcast. And I was like, hey man, you know, I've been going through a rough patch. I've been always wanting to take them to a live show
Charles Dickens: And he's like, Hey, dude. They're coming march 13 dude march 14 like why don't you go with me and Darryl and I'm like, I was like, I've always wanted to take you and and I'm like, okay, so, you know, let me talk to me and
Charles Dickens: So, last week the big boxing match it cost 80 bucks. This has always been an issue, what I'm about to say. And like you can't
Charles Dickens: Show me. He always says like you do with your family and I'll deal with my meaning like if you have a problem with anyone in my family. You come to me and I'm going to take care of. And she does.
Charles Dickens: But if she perceives it as like disrespectful. She, she gets very defensive. Well, she never has to deal with me and my family because
Charles Dickens: They're never here so
Charles Dickens: She's a said, hey, this and this was true. And I'm like this is literally the biggest heavyweight boxing match and like 15 years. It really go me to show you the articles or whatever.
Charles Dickens: But I don't think I should have to defend myself.
Charles Dickens: And she's like, okay, how much is I said 80 bucks. The first thing she says is, so you're going to charge my family money to watch a fight. And I'm like, No, that's not what I'm saying, mom. My mom mom actually sent me
Charles Dickens: Some birthday money.
Charles Dickens: And some extra money.
Charles Dickens: And it's up there and the little you know we keep a little money thing to grab and I'm like, there's 100 bucks and I'll take 80 from it. She just like put your head down and I'm like,
Charles Dickens: Why are you upset and she's like, Well, you know, and I'm like, I understand a money thing, but I have to have something I have to have something of like a let go. And I'm like, Andy's coming in town. He wants to see you and the girls because he hasn't met the girls.
Charles Dickens: And and she's like, well,
Charles Dickens: What can you and Andy Do like a lunch thing. And I'm like, he wants to see you and the girls and I want my friend that I haven't seen. And I'm like,
Charles Dickens: When to go out to Brentwood to meet your fucking friend and went to Cheesecake Factory and spent like $300 when I escaped. I didn't, I didn't say one word. I'm like, cool. The girls want to go ice skating and all this.
Charles Dickens: She's like, but I don't want you to charge my family. And I'm like, and I'm like Babe, you can say whatever you want.
Charles Dickens: I'm the motherfucker that pays for all the fights. I pay. I will we go to other people's houses. If it's 80 bucks. I'll be like, Hey doc. Here's 80 bucks.
Charles Dickens: And not one person has ever said, no, no. Charles man here. Here, take 60 back. I'm going to get $20 from other people.
Charles Dickens: So we'll have boxing not at our house because it's not big enough, but we'll have like these parties boxing parties and there will literally be like 50 people there and I pay for the whole thing.
Charles Dickens: So I'm thinking, hey, maybe some people will chip in. No, they don't. And so if we go there. My buddy shows up and I'm like hey look
Charles Dickens: I'm going to kind of treat this as like if you need help. You need to come ask me, I'll help with the girls. I'll play with them and all that, but once boxing starts. You know, I want to watch boxing and hang out with. And I haven't seen them in five and a half years.
Charles Dickens: So,
Charles Dickens: We do all that. And she ignores me the whole time. And then once boxing's over
Charles Dickens: I tell her I'm like hey, it's going to be over like 945 10 just let the girls stay up just let them stay up it's
Charles Dickens: Whatever they go to bed at like nine 930 anyways, let them stay up to 10. She's like, no, I'm going to put them asleep.
Charles Dickens: So I go up there like 10 o'clock and she's like, Oh my gosh, this has been fucking horrible put them asleep, and they're running around and all this. I told you I didn't want to cut my parents house.
Charles Dickens: They always act the fuck up, and you're going to put them both asleep, she rolls over and goes to sleep. So I'm like,
Charles Dickens: So I look at it as like, okay, like, I'll put them asleep because I just had this whole boxing thing.
Charles Dickens: But it's like we agree to this, and then it's like I already told you to make it easier just let them hang out their cousins are there.
Charles Dickens: The uncles and like their cousins, like the younger ones are there and everyone's watching the boxing match if usually if everyone's paying attention and they're not going to act up right
Charles Dickens: So then she just goes to sleep and then I spend like the next hour because
Charles Dickens: One one sleep with me. Then they both went to sleep, you know, it's what kids do. So I'm like, how is this like a payoff. Like how is this. It's like I'm going to give you a little bit, but then I'm going to throw more stuff on you, man.
Charles Dickens: You know and and that's it is like, that's what's always in my head is like that she's gonna be like well
Charles Dickens: It's like she wants me to get better, but she always is going to have some type of justification like and
Charles Dickens: Just like
Just
Charles Dickens: All of that when it just comes to, like, well, you should you should
Charles Dickens: You should hang out with the girls.
Charles Dickens: I see him every fucking day like and then she gets upset. I'm like, I see I'm every fucking day like why would you say fucking. That means you don't care. No, no. And then my thing is like you're gonna you talk for two days.
Charles Dickens: Why don't you get your fucking ass out of bed and get them ready for school and then take them to school.
Charles Dickens: I don't care to do it, Doc. That's not my problem. I that's not my issue my issue. So she's gone for two days. She's going to be home.
Charles Dickens: Tonight like late tonight, where they're already be asleep. So then should be home Friday and Saturday. And then, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, it should be like Wednesday from Hawaii. And it's just like
Charles Dickens: Why don't you spend time with them, you're at work all day long. So that's what I'm saying is there's there's always in the back of my head.
Charles Dickens: That I believe that's in the front of her head is
Charles Dickens: It's not resentment. It's just like
Charles Dickens: He can get over this and like she's never had a problem with me going out and doing stuff, but she's just will be like, Well, I don't think that
Charles Dickens: I think that he needs to get better before he goes out and we don't need to spend money.
Charles Dickens: And I've told her, like, because that's what she says is like you get to work out and you get to apply for jobs and you, you get to like hang out the house by yourself. And I'm like, it's just that is such a reductionist way to look at it and
Charles Dickens: And she's always like you have this, you have this like eloquent way of speaking that you talk your way out of things. I'm like, No, I'm just honest and I said, the thing is, the more honest. I am so doc if my wife says, How does this dress. Look, I want to be like. Now, I don't like it.
Charles Dickens: She doesn't like that.
Charles Dickens: If, if I come home from the grocery and she's like, hypothetically, why didn't you get the milk, if I'd be like, fuck. Damn, I forgot it.
Charles Dickens: I said I could say to you, Hey, babe. Do you know what you won't believe me, they're out of milk. So I won't get this that
Charles Dickens: She's like, but why. Why would you do that. Why would you lie to your wife. And I'm like, that's the thing is I don't lie. I don't. That's part of my problem. I mean I'm not saying I don't lie. But because everyone lies, but I'm saying, like, I am always always honest and it's always got me in
Charles Dickens: Trouble.
Charles Dickens: And I said, that's the thing is like women bitch that men aren't nice compassionate and tell them the truth. Well, I get beat up more, I think, for being honest. So that's the thing is when I tried to tell her, like, hey,
Charles Dickens: Like fantasy baseball is coming up and I'm actually like really, really good at fantasy sports like I finished like first and second all the time.
Charles Dickens: And the draft coming up and it's going to be like four hours. And she's like, Oh yeah, that's cool. That's fine. And I'll tell her like weeks in advance, and then I'll go in the room. And then after like 30 minutes. Are you going to be finished when you finished.
Charles Dickens: Are you, are you done and I'm like I told you it's gonna be like four hours and she's just like, oh my, like, Are you finished like I got to give the girls are bad. And I'm like, well go give them a bath like and then that's the thing. It's like always, like, interrupted, and then just
Charles Dickens: If we go somewhere and I take a bunch of pictures or whatever, I immediately send them to my wife, three months later, I can see pictures.
Charles Dickens: On her parents phones and iPad and her sisters. I've never even seen before. And she's like, Oh, I'm busy I can't send them to you. So it's like when I try to get this equilibrium and
Charles Dickens: I call it consistency and she says that I look for contradictions, but I look for consistency that that's a huge problem because I'm like hey, if you want pictures I send you pictures right away right away.
Charles Dickens: And sometimes I never seen them from you, um, you want to work late
Charles Dickens: You want to work late and I'm like, cool, or whatever. Okay. Well, if I'm with the girls all fucking day long.
Charles Dickens: And you want to come on and take a shower, that's fine. But then I need like a 25 minute break and you're like that you're not working.
Charles Dickens: You don't love your girls there, they get, they get on everybody's nerves like third that's this huge is problem of light and I already gave you the money example and just the
Charles Dickens: You know, and just whatever and everything and like the food day is like, because we have this
Charles Dickens: Were like super, super healthy but I'm like hey, when I was at Mountain View, and I was gone I would come home. Some weeks, I'd be home at like 10 o'clock at night and have to leave like four in the morning.
Charles Dickens: One of my goals was never ever to give my kids McDonald's number
Charles Dickens: It's just I don't want whatever
Charles Dickens: I come home and for a couple days there's McDonald's KFC and all this stuff. So I didn't say anything because I was like okay, although that's one of my goals. Maybe that's an extreme go. But my wife is probably very overwhelmed and very busy and all that. So I'm not gonna say anything.
Charles Dickens: Well,
Charles Dickens: I can't use that excuse of, like, oh, I'm overwhelmed and I'm tired. That
Charles Dickens: Why would you orders. You can order something to eat, because you can fix it, you have time
Charles Dickens: And that's what this huge problem is and then this is which we cover some other time. This would kind of gets me in trouble at all jobs. I've ever had. Is this whole
Charles Dickens: Consistency thing of, of, like, let's be nice to everyone needs to be nice to each other and no one needs to backstab and do all this. So I'm trying to say like, Hey, babe. This is what I need.
Charles Dickens: Like bait and I like to gamble. But I'm smart with gambling. I don't try to like that. She's like anti gambling, no matter why she can't even stand
Charles Dickens: My fantasy sports costs money. And I'm like, Yeah, but actually like to be around my friends and kind of just sit at a poker table and fill the flow and all this and kind of get into it. She's just like, I got into a poker league one time and
Charles Dickens: She sabotaged it she completes you show up late for work or late for work and then she had office meetings on Friday, like, eight o'clock and
Charles Dickens: Office parties and then she had to go shopping for it and she sabotage. I've never confronted on that. And then it's like when we were we've been back to Kentucky once
Charles Dickens: We went visit some friends and she's like, how long do we have to be here and I don't want to be here and
Charles Dickens: Other houses kind of dirty and then like I'm like hey, let me show you my town.
Charles Dickens: After like 30 minutes in the car, she's like, Oh, we got to get home. I want to see the girls and I'm like your parents are there. Sorry, my parents, they're fine. I'm trying to show you who I am and where I came from. We went to Fiji. This last year.
Charles Dickens: We spent three fucking hours trying to track down one of her cousins who has been deported for six DUIs in America. He's a drug addict.
Charles Dickens: He was on drugs when we finally found him with my kid. He's got flies on him worms on him because he's homeless and all this stuff. And I'm like, and her dad is is he's like this dude's a scumbag. I don't want
Charles Dickens: MY GRANDKIDS meeting him. He's a piece of shit. And I'm just, I'm trying to go with the flow. And I'm like, babe. What are we doing, like, what are we doing
Charles Dickens: We finally get there and she like hands on and off. Hello, Mike, what's that she's like, Oh, my aunt wanted to give them like $1,000 and I'm like we just spent fucking three hours, we don't have enough food. We don't have enough water, we need to go to the restaurant to the city.
Charles Dickens: Because you and I'm like, we went to my buddy's house and the girls had to take a nap.
Charles Dickens: You said it was too dirty like that. Like, that's the thing is like when I want to do something like with Andy this past weekend. She's like, Well, why don't you
Charles Dickens: Why don't like why do we have the boxing fight like why do we, why can't you just meet up and I'm like, we don't do that with your friends.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like there's
Charles Dickens: Always this thing and that's where I often say is like consistency. It doesn't. I understand that. I don't have family here and
Charles Dickens: I don't have the fringe you have you know you immigrated here when you're 15 so you have a lot more people, you know, in the Bay Area. I just want consistency. So
Charles Dickens: That's what I want. Like, if we're going to go to Brentwood, which is like an hour and a half of traffic sometimes to see your friends.
Charles Dickens: Why can't we go to San Rafael, which is like 30 minutes without traffic and our we're trying to see my friends like that. That's what I tried to get across to her and she just like, Oh, you just you make it all about you and all this stuff and I'm just like,
Charles Dickens: And then it's hard to talk to my mom because my mom.
Charles Dickens: She still was in denial, which deal with us as a kids.
Charles Dickens: Because my dad, my real dad was a drug addict and she left us at home with them and all that and now she's
Charles Dickens: She always if I call her to be like
Charles Dickens: I mean, she's with my stepdad now for like 25 years and he's a great man and all that, but it's like she doesn't. She won't come visit
Charles Dickens: She's like, I don't like to fly, but then she goes and sees my step dad's family all over the US, they'll drive 20 hours to go to like fucking Mexican border in Texas to see her his kids and all that, which is kind of same thing that my wife does and
Charles Dickens: I try to be like, Hey, what are you doing this situation and this and should I don't have any advice for you. I'm so sorry.
Charles Dickens: And then she's like, I don't understand, like how you got on addicted to opioids and I'm like your mother fuckers should probably be lucky that as you should be lucky or three kids aren't in jail with the shit that you expose us to and you are a cop.
Charles Dickens: And you let that shit go on in your house. So she didn't like complete denial. She just is.
Charles Dickens: You know, so
Charles Dickens: That
Charles Dickens: And like I said, I talked to my buddy last night, and he's just like, I just, I don't believe you. Like, I believe you, but I just don't believe you.
Charles Dickens: You can always be there for me if you need to talk. And I'm like, Yeah, man. I understand that. But you got kids in high school and you got to take care of them and you don't need to sit here and waste your time with me and so
Charles Dickens: But that so what I'm trying to work on is, I know my wife is like a huge trigger and she she
Charles Dickens: She you know she's already columns, like can you pick me up from the airport and then take me to work and then then can you pick me up at 630 but pick the girls at first take them home bade them and feed I fucking doing that shit.
Charles Dickens: Now I will pick your ass up first, because you're the farthest away like why would I go through Alameda fucking trap. Even though alchemy is not bad, it's just a bunch of stoplights and all that shit. I'm like, no, I need to do what's convenient for the girls like you can work at home.
Charles Dickens: And the whole raising the kids as a whole. My wife has a huge bark and I mean huge bark and she ain't got no fucking bite. She ain't she will she will scream at the girls for five minutes and a minute later hug them and give them candy.
Charles Dickens: And I'm like, you have no because we don't spank i'ma you ain't got no by you ain't got no bite you have nobody is them kids ain't scared to you.
Charles Dickens: So that's that's that's a whole nother issue. We talked about how about raising the kids and she's, she's it so you know a little door knob thing that
Charles Dickens: The kids can oh so I finally bought those well she mean he is scared that they're going to go to school until a teacher and CPS is going to call and arrest us
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Their door lock safety guards, so the kids don't go outside.
Charles Dickens: No, no. Well, no, I put them on the, on the, on their rooms so at night if their act up because it takes two hours to put them to sleep, but is another time talking about that is so I put those things where they can open their door, but I do it for like 20 or 30 seconds.
Charles Dickens: What she thinks that's abuse. I'm like, That's not abuse because
Charles Dickens: Some of the stuff that I'm here that people do to their kids. I've got friends that have like a five year old twins and he puts them in diapers.
Charles Dickens: And has a porta potty or whatever the mini potty in their room and puts the little thing where they can't open the door and they have cameras in there and he doesn't let them out for anything. And he's like, that's how they go to sleep. And that's how a lot of people do it.
Charles Dickens: That I've learned from and she's just like the CPS is going to show up and arrest us like you can't do that and
Charles Dickens: She's like, You're not allowed to
Charles Dickens: I don't want you kiss the girls on the lips, and I'm like, but you kiss on the lips and she's like, Yeah, but I'm a woman. And I'm like, well,
Charles Dickens: Kobe Bryant is shown on the TV all the time. And these memorials kissing his like 13 year old daughter. Yeah. Well, that's not you. And there's just this whole
Charles Dickens: Fight about how to raise the kids and stuff that I know that everything changes us when the kids came, we already had some issues before the opioids, but it has to do with the kids.
Charles Dickens: About how to raise them and then you throw in this opioids and losing the job and the money. It's just
Charles Dickens: What completely up
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it sounds like you guys maybe need to get into some kind of marriage counseling.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We've tried
Charles Dickens: I've tried for three, four years.
Charles Dickens: And she always has an excuse. Oh, I have meetings on that day I have this
Charles Dickens: I don't want to tell my parents. And I'm like, well, now they're both in school. So we can go like whatever every Monday at four o'clock and she's like,
Charles Dickens: No, I have to do this. So I've tried it. I know from being a counselor. If you can't push them into it's only going to push them further away. I've tried
Charles Dickens: She won't talk to anyone. She doesn't talk to her. She doesn't tell anyone anything about her problems, no one
Charles Dickens: And she said that that's this that's why she's so strong. She's like, I don't need to go to my friends or my parents for advice. I can work on it myself. And I'm like, doesn't mean you're weak. You need a different point of view.
Charles Dickens: That's all I'm saying. She's like, no, so she just she won't go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what do you think, what do you do when you have a partner that's unwilling to take a look at the bigger picture and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Change, you know, their behaviors as well as take a look at solutions for issues that are coming up, because what I hear is there's this inequity where she's you know here and you're here and we've got to get you to be able to get on an even playing field with her. That make sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We've got to get, you know, to where you are able to do the things that you need to do and feel that you are a partner and not beneath her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you're not been either, you know, this is a partnership. It's that's what marriage is about is being partners.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if there's, you know, a continuous in equity in that that's going to wreck. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, on top of everything else that's going on, you know, with you, trying to you know get your life back and trying to figure out where you want to go and what you want to do for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, I can't stress enough how important it is that you know you and your recovery and you getting back to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Being in feeling healthy mentally, emotionally, spiritually, you know, is is vital to that whole piece you know you are you know you hurt you and her are supposed to come together and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's just this big, you know, in equity.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So being able to do things for you and is going to be vitally important. You know that
Charles Dickens: Yeah, I mean, I do know that. And that's the thing is, is she, she i'm not saying she gets confused and thinks she gets surprised because she's like
Charles Dickens: Like what you just said I wouldn't have said it that way. You said it better than I would, but I can say something like that to her and she's like that makes so much sense.
Charles Dickens: So if you understand that. Why are you still having problems. And I'm like, Oh, fuck. Now we're just right back to the beginning. It's just like going right back to the beginning. And, you know, and I just I don't and
Charles Dickens: I, you know, and then there's just like certain things that we fight over that we shouldn't like her dad is like this master handyman, and I appreciate everything that he does, but this is my fucking house and I don't want them doing anything without telling me, and she finds that disrespectful.
Charles Dickens: And she's like, Don't disrespect my dad. I'm like, I didn't say one fucking word about your dad. I'm talking about you, like, I don't want
Charles Dickens: So thank if my mom came in here and rearrange the girls room you that would piss you off because it's your kids and
Charles Dickens: Like it's different because I'm a man. This is my house. I'm supposed to fix something don't run to your dad and tell you. And she's like, well, that's disrespect. I'm not. No, I'm not talking about your dad at all about you like
Charles Dickens: We have to do we have to stay on the same table. And here's the thing. Is your dad is so good at stuff that maybe I need him to teach me some stuff so I can be better. Your Dad's not always going to be here and something that made her really upsetting.
Charles Dickens: And I just said, you know, like if you're not going to be here for me now. Like, and I've told her, I said, hey,
Charles Dickens: The more the more you don't respond to me the more resentful. I'm going to get, the more better that I get
Charles Dickens: And I said, here's the thing is, if you're not going to support me during this like my parents are 75 and 78 years old, like they could die at any moment. They're not the healthiest people because they just eat go out to eat all the time and whatever, and
Charles Dickens: I walked to get the mail in the morning. I'm like, Mom, you walk an acre to get your newspaper in the mail. That's not enough exercise. I'm like, my parents could die tomorrow, and I would, I could think that you would be like
Charles Dickens: Get this money issue and
Charles Dickens: You know, maybe we keep the girls home and then it's like, then I don't even know if you could be there for me emotionally because like
Charles Dickens: You know, and then died. Is she got really, really pissed and like, why would I ever think that I'm like
Charles Dickens: This is the stuff that I should not be thinking, but that's what's popping in my head. And that's part of the opioids. But that's also part of our dynamic of our marriage is like I shouldn't have these thoughts that I'm having and
Charles Dickens: You know, and then she says stuff like, well, you would be stupid to cheat on me leave me and all that. And I'm like, I already know all that, like, I'm not fucking stupid you make $400,000 a year. Like why would I ever like, I don't
Charles Dickens: I'm trying to tell you. That's what some addicts. Do I don't have any of that. Like, I appreciate my life and I appreciate you and all this. It's just that if I don't get better.
Charles Dickens: And it's going to get worse for us, or if, as I get better and you're not supporting me along the way. I will get resentful. I'm telling you, because that is that that's just, it's just, that's just how life is. That has nothing to do with me. That's just
Charles Dickens: How people are
Charles Dickens: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's just what happens when there's this whole inequity. That happens and you getting better. Again, might not be so great for the relationship if she's not willing to change make changes with you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's what it's about. It's, it's about finding the solutions that work and being on an equal plane together and just because right now she's the one that makes the income doesn't make her better than or deserve more than you do in the relationship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's the piece that people forget, you know, it's like, you know, the one the breadwinner things that they should be pampered and they should get, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be catered to but they forget that the other person is a partner and what they do what you do at home with your, with your girls and taking care of the house is a job is a job and it is work.
Charles Dickens: And what's funny is like, I've always enjoyed like housework, because
Charles Dickens: My mom, she made us we were 10 years old she taught us housework.
Charles Dickens: And when we were in trouble. She wouldn't watch her clothes or cook or dinner or anything. So I'm actually very efficient with it and i and i say stuff like, not only is this
Charles Dickens: That I enjoy it. But part of it when it becomes like a burden somewhere. I'm having a bad day and I have to work through it like, and she says stuff like, Well, I wouldn't be with you if you didn't like that stuff. And I'm like, I'm
Charles Dickens: Like, that's not what I'm like that's not what I'm saying. What I'm telling you is it's very shameful.
Charles Dickens: Or I'm ashamed of not having a job, so I don't need you to remind me that I don't have a job and everything that you feel about our situation.
Charles Dickens: Not only do I feel worse because I'm from a paternalistic society where it's male dominated and all that.
Charles Dickens: That not only do I feel ashamed, is that now you throw in the opioid stuff and then I tell her stuff like
Charles Dickens: When I when I'm said before about having a bad day. I'm like, What, like, seriously. Like, what would you do if you poop once every four days.
Charles Dickens: And then like it takes you literally 20 minutes to poke and then after that you're digging poop out of your ass because it's disgusting. And then, and then she knows this.
Charles Dickens: It takes some I'm not lying. It will take 15 minutes to pee because it just like falls out and it falls, because that's all the Suboxone and I'm like, and then the stuff with my
Charles Dickens: Body temperature and just all these side effects that you get from Suboxone and I'm like, then you and then the nausea and the vertigo and the memory loss and the stutter and stuff, because I had a stutter as a kid. And then my mom put me in classes in it and it went away.
Charles Dickens: And it's very frustrating and then you throw in say show and shut. A. Those are my girls say show and shut. A like
Charles Dickens: throwing stuff and you're trying to calm them down and then you running out. Like, why are they fight like this. And what are you doing like
Charles Dickens: That is extremely overwhelming for me. And I don't think you realize like how well I do to like to stay in control of myself and then sometimes I'll be like, I got to take a break and I'll go out on the balcony and then like two minutes later. She's like, wasn't that bad.
Charles Dickens: Like that wasn't that bad, like, Are you okay, I'm just like,
Charles Dickens: You know, I mean, I think she gets it, but she just thinks it's very easy like she thinks it's like
Charles Dickens: Like
Charles Dickens: Like she says, like say show is is that's the four year old and she is a nightmare. Sometimes she just like for no reason, showed us start flopping like a fish. She was he does in the morning and she searched
Charles Dickens: For no reason and she'll take Chinese food and throw it and take her spoon and throw it and all this stuff and all this.
Charles Dickens: And she means like I have to stay calm or it'll makes a show worse. And I'm like, that's what you have to do to me and she's like, No, you're a grown fucking adult like
Charles Dickens: Like, you need to move on from things very quickly. And I'm like,
Charles Dickens: It's very hard to move on from things very quickly when you're on my face. You need to move on from things very quickly when I haven't had time to process them. And I'm like, babe.
Charles Dickens: I don't think you will. It is very, very, very frustrating. It's humbling it's shameful to know what's going on, and one side of your brain, the other side. This chemical that is just
Charles Dickens: Eat like you fill it in your brain like having you do stuff that you don't want to do and all this stuff and having to sit back and like
Charles Dickens: Come all together to pull it together and to know that you're not this way. You're not this and I was like you were at the lab. You were with me in the ER when the psychiatry says like
Charles Dickens: I mean, at that time, it was methadone is like you understand that your husband is having like psychotic episodes from methadone, like this is
Charles Dickens: This is all drug induced. This is not anything that you've said in the he said about his life. This is all drug induced and it's a medical thing and that's what I'm trying to like educator on like this is not this is something that some people can't control.
Charles Dickens: And for me to have the ability to keep things in line, like I do, it's, it's, it's very hard. It's very hard and and you have to understand that and she just sometimes. She's like, Yeah, I know, and
Charles Dickens: Some days for like three or four days. She's just like, amazing and just very receptive and very compassionate and all that and then
Charles Dickens: She wants things to change and then like what, like the fight on Saturday, how it started, even before that. Is she wanted to know what what's Dr. Jamison doing
Charles Dickens: I already told you what she does. When you see her again. I don't have an appointment. Why, but, you know, which I already told you about the whole neurologist and all that. And she's just like,
Charles Dickens: And she's like, You gotta stop us. Yeah. But this is just, I'm like, babe. It's literally been like seven days like you. This is a, this is a process and
Charles Dickens: And she's like, well, you told me when you found Breitbart, it's six to 12 months. Well, that's ridiculous because you're not out on the street sucking dick and and did all this stuff. And I'm like,
Charles Dickens: I was like, she's like yours is induced because of the neurologists and I'm like, I understand that, but I was like
Charles Dickens: Some of the stuff that I told her. I'm like, Yeah, you know, I probably wanted to do this and this, because I have this inside and dad and all this.
Charles Dickens: But I'm like, it's always going to be a case by case. But no matter what. It's no matter what. It's kind of be a process and it's going to be different. It is
Charles Dickens: And what I try to tell her, as I was like the guy that you used to have, and she will give examples of, like, she's like when I had when I had say shell and I had the stitches in my ass. You went to like all these places in the Bay Area to find me as a pillow and
Charles Dickens: So I could go to the bathroom and go, and it'd be comfortable like
Charles Dickens: You do anything like you, you will go to a different town to find like what the girls one and they said the other, and
Charles Dickens: And you found our house and you save us money and all this stuff. Like, that's what I want. And I'm like, that's what I want. Like that we have the exact same goes like, trust me. And I'm like, you have to realize that
Charles Dickens: We're on the same page with the goes, we're not on the same page with
Charles Dickens: We're on the same page with how to get there, everything is a process and you
Charles Dickens: You have to go along with that. And she's in show say okay, but then the days when I if I and it's it's usually not me like
Charles Dickens: I'm not saying I'm not a dick, because I can be a dick is I'm not saying that like right when she walks in the door. I'm like, I never call her names. I never have. I'm not like don't talk to me because I don't cuss in front of kids. I know it'll be something like
Charles Dickens: Why, Why'd you turn the heater up and she's like, I'm code. And I'm like, I don't care if your code go put on some clothes.
Charles Dickens: And that sparked a huge fight. And then I was just, and I'm like,
Charles Dickens: When we talked about it later. I'm like, in my head at the moment I'm like this motherfucker knows should know that.
Charles Dickens: Up and down body temperature with the with the Suboxone he's got girls, he's cooking, it's, it's hot outside, it's hot in the kitchen. He just gave them baths and all this stuff. Maybe it's a little overwhelming.
Charles Dickens: And you could have been, like, Hey, what's going on, Charles. Is everything okay she's like I'm fucking doing that, you know, you're not supposed to fucking talk to me that way.
Charles Dickens: And I'm like, I understand. Now I understand, well if you understand it. Now, why didn't you understand it then. And I'm like,
Charles Dickens: I just like that you you have to stop thinking that way like
Charles Dickens: You should appreciate
Charles Dickens: That now I have the insight. Well, you should have. If you know and I said, but what you don't realize is, sometimes I don't know when it's Suboxone
Charles Dickens: Or whatever. That's my I say this a box like, you know, I don't know if it's the opioids and the brain or if it's me, like, some things are blurred out like
Charles Dickens: You have a bad day.
Charles Dickens: And you blurt out like you know like
Charles Dickens: What did you fix me lamb today instead of hamburgers or whatever. And I'll be like, if I can talk about. I just fixed a hold on what's going on.
Charles Dickens: Everything okay like I just made you dinner. Well, I had a really bad day at work that I was like, that doesn't come from you. And she's like, I don't. I have a hard time thinking that you have a bad day because you don't work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you do
Charles Dickens: And she's like an exercise and you you do all that. And I'm like, I know. And I'm like, yeah, I mean, probably some people would love my life but I don't like
Charles Dickens: I don't, because everything that I do every day. Now, I basically when I was a cop because of swing shifts and all of that. I'd have like three or four days off. So I would be doing
Charles Dickens: Everything I do now in those one of those one or two of those days off, but now I I do it all the time. Now that would take me like the whole day.
Charles Dickens: Where now I do stuff from like eight to like 11 or whatever and then go work out and
Charles Dickens: Look for a job in the afternoon. So I was already doing all that stuff anyways. And I'm like, that's what you don't realize
Charles Dickens: I was already I control the money. Well, like the bills. I do all the girls medical I do all the girls schooling. I do all the gross shop and I do all the laundry. I was doing all this before she does help at times, but I do all that, because she has the the
Charles Dickens: She works like 80 hours a week, sometimes 60 hours and I knew that even when I was a cop.
Charles Dickens: That I would have these three or four days off every now and then. So it I like to do that. I like to cook. And another reason I like to cook is because
Charles Dickens: She's like, it makes a huge mess. When she cooks. So I like to keep everything clean so I like to do that because I grew up thinking my dad and my step dad.
Charles Dickens: my step dad still does it. He will sit at the table, and he will not get up my mom will bring in the salad. She will bring him a fork.
Charles Dickens: She will he'll be like, I want some apple juice. She'll go get them apple juice. And I'm like, I never want to be like that. My mom's happy. So she wants to do that she can. She's happy now.
Charles Dickens: I'm like, I won't do that, I want to I want, I want to do my wife's laundry. I want to clean. I'm going to do all this because I want it to be equally. I don't want to paternalistic
Charles Dickens: So I think she just got so used to how things were because I was already doing all that stuff. But now she looks at it as like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not a big deal.
Charles Dickens: When you were doing that all the time, but I know for a fact. I know, I know that my wife.
Charles Dickens: Always say 99% and it pisses her off. But I'm just, I mean I'm present chance. Pretty sure my wife's not cheating on me because there's always a percent. I just think
Charles Dickens: But I know that she, I know that she adores me and I know that she loves me and I know she doesn't want to leave me. And I know that she's extremely scared and extremely insecure and she she goes, she'll go along with the scared, but she's insecure because
Charles Dickens: She doesn't want anyone thinking that we don't have money, and that we can't live a normal life there Indian. And then there's this whole Indian culture about Dr attorney or something else, her sister is a biologist. She's an attorney and our other sister is a engineer.
Charles Dickens: The engineer. She's a fucking she's a bitch. I can't stand her. She's a multi multi millionaire and she married a man that inherited $30 million and they're complete right wing fucking assholes.
Charles Dickens: Her other sister. That's a biologist is like, the sweetest lady and her husband's a fucking right wing dickhead to
Charles Dickens: And they inherited a $5 million house in Milpitas, so they have kind of ship kind of set he he inherited his parents house, but his parents live in a mobile home. So the reason why I tell you this is because that all happened before I was married. So there was this whole
Charles Dickens: Show me shimmy is
Charles Dickens: She's not married. She's the latest to get married, and she has she has a condo in San Francisco, which is worth a million dollars and we still have it.
Charles Dickens: But now she's like, I want to get a bigger house. I want a bigger house and I want a yard and I want and I don't
Charles Dickens: Want my family thinking this, and we need to be. I have a Porsche. That's why she wanted me to wash your car because she was going to an important meeting and she wants them to see that her car stays clean
Charles Dickens: And she wants, and she doesn't like to drive my car because she likes my car, but not for work and she she she she's upset when she has to bargain shop for clothes because she never had a bargain shop before
Charles Dickens: She wants to go to Janie and jack for the girls and Walnut Creek and I'm like,
Charles Dickens: I'm like, I love polo but I buy my fucking kids polo because in fucking six months, they're going to be too old and I'm like you have like you got to get out of this mindset that you got to look better because of this Indian families that you got to look better than everyone else, like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Charles Dickens: You just have to look better than everyone else in your family and and that that's the thing is we have to sit here and get on the same page and
Charles Dickens: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. A lot of you guys got a lot of things to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To work through. That's for sure. You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And treating this whole thing like you have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like you have a disease like you have something. I mean, if you were to find out that you had cancer, cancer, and you were going through the treatments to get better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It wouldn't be something that you would get through within a month, but something that would take six months to a year to actually start working through the process for it to go into remission.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's the same mindset that has to be when it comes to what you're going through right now to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not something that's going to be fixed overnight. It's a process and it takes time and there has to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Consistency, there has to be work from you, and there has to be compassionate from her and understanding as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because if not, that's when all of these, you know, all these cracks start coming and you start noticing them and then you get miserable and things aren't working the way that they're supposed to.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I really think that she needs to realize that what you do is a job. And so right now you're unable to be able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do more than what you're able to do and her be okay with with where that's at.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so there needs to be some understanding. You know what I mean. Charles and needs to be that piece because it's not going to get any better if you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you continually stay in this frustrated state, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you're continually feeling like what you do as a good enough or you continually feel like what you do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you don't deserve to have these times, because you do deserve that the signs you deserve to have time off. You deserve to be able to spend time with your friends.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there has to be that understanding and that piece there has to be, you need to have an outlet. You need to have people that you can go to that you can communicate with that understand where you're at.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And understand what you're going through. It doesn't mean that she's bad or that she's writing or that you know it just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Means that the circle of argument that you guys continually stay in isn't benefiting anybody there. You guys have to get in the mindset of solution focused
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, what's the solution for this. How can we come together in this area and and change that thought process. Does that make sense.
Charles Dickens: Yeah, and part of the what you're saying about the solution.
Charles Dickens: mentality is she part of it is she wants me to be someone that I'm not like she
Charles Dickens: She's like why don't you go
Charles Dickens: Go to Pinkerton or Google and these places where you want to work and, like, try to network and stuff. And I'm like, I've never done that. I don't know how to do it. I'm not a suck up and stuff. And I just got on LinkedIn, when I lost
Charles Dickens: When I resigned from Mountain View. Because, and she's like, well, go do this and do this and this and I'm like,
Charles Dickens: That's not my personality and it's something I have to work on, but I need to get through this medical stuff before I start being someone I've no longer
Charles Dickens: And she's like, What, so you're just going to sit at home and apply for a job. And I'm like, like what else can I do like I don't
Charles Dickens: Like, and you have all these connections. She knows so many people
Charles Dickens: And she doesn't want to reach out to people because she doesn't want people to know that I'm unemployed, because it looks bad. So unlike the only thing that I could do is sit here and apply for jobs and it it's, you know, and I've had some hits and stuff like that. But, you know, and
Charles Dickens: And you know, I think that she's like, Well, why don't you go volunteer.
Charles Dickens: That's a great idea. And I'm like, okay, but I have to make sure that I'm stable.
Charles Dickens: And I'm like, and I'm not talking about as like Babe, I'm not talking mine when I say stable like 95% of time. I'm talking about medically. Like, I don't want to be like volunteering with a bunch of kids.
Charles Dickens: And I have a seizure, and I want to see this neurologist. First I want to get medically stable and then let me go from there. And then network and volunteer and she just like, but you're not doing anything. It's just like we're right back to Ground Zero like that's the thing is like is
Charles Dickens: That try to tell her arms, like, you know, of course, everything is medical number one, but under that is we have to deal with the Suboxone and then we have to deal with restless leg syndrome and then
Charles Dickens: And I still have problems with lights and I froze with the sun and all this other stuff though my
Charles Dickens: Maybe I can't go back to work yet i mean the the neurologist at Kaiser he put me off work until July, and she's like, but that doesn't count.
Charles Dickens: Because you don't get any disability. So she's like, I know you're disabled but I guess you're not disabled because you're not getting any money. And I'm like,
Charles Dickens: That's just and I'm like, I understand your preface Bay, but it's like I have, like, I don't want to go through this huge process of getting a job and
Charles Dickens: Background investigations and your family getting contacted again and all this stuff and everyone gets excited and I get a job and then like three weeks in, I just
Charles Dickens: Can't. I'm not going to have the problems.
Charles Dickens: I'm not going to have the problems that I would methadone. Oh my gosh.
Charles Dickens: What a fucking nightmare. I'm like, I'm not gonna have
Charles Dickens: Those type of problem by need to make sure that like I can do because that's that's
Charles Dickens: What I'm doing now and everything I'm doing now is like the kids and exercising and all that. I got to this point.
Charles Dickens: And then are always is like, no, no. You need to go back to work in January and I'm like, Fuck that dude I'm going back in November, like, I'm done like
Charles Dickens: I'm this I'm ready to go back. Well, he shouldn't assign the form and he did and and that's what happened is I got, I got it. I couldn't handle all that workload.
Charles Dickens: And I could handle just, you know, normal stuff. It was too much for me. And I could handle the commute. I couldn't handle these 18 hour days going like right back into it. I should have. I should have either waited to go in January or should have went on.
Charles Dickens: What's it called like when they take your gun and like desk duty. Basically, I should have done light duty. I should have done like light duty to get back into it and things like that. And that's what I'm telling her, like, I can't go full swing because
Charles Dickens: I'm a really hard worker and I really liked the work that I'm going to go I'm going full strength from day one.
Charles Dickens: And that's what happened is I went back and I back in the car and I got 40 pounds of gear on me. I'm in fights and then
Charles Dickens: Then the side effects from the Methadone started happening and wasn't as bad as it was in the beginning, but then I started having the paranoia and some hallucinations, but I'm like okay, it's the methodology and then
Charles Dickens: Once the stuff came in from the co workers of the harassment or all that stuff. It became that's when I really increased the paranoia.
Charles Dickens: So I need to prevent all of that. And she's like, Yeah, but you know that now, and I'm like, but that was one methadone.
Charles Dickens: And marijuana and I had no doctors. I didn't have anyone I had the neurologist, that would barely see me now I have all the support system that I need to be like okay I got to do this and this and this and this.
Charles Dickens: And it's, it's just always very simplistic to her, which is that's that's a normal American or normal person. I understand that.
Charles Dickens: It's very, it's very normal for her to respond like that this simplistic way of thinking.
Charles Dickens: Hey, if you didn't smoke crack and you didn't sleep on a cardboard box and prostitute yourself, you could probably have a better life.
Charles Dickens: Absolutely. Half of the homeless people in Oakland. But that's just not the solution in the long term. So that's just what I'm trying to get get across to her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what are you going to your you see the neurologist on Monday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Correct take
Charles Dickens: This, this is the neurologist that minor all just always referred to, I just couldn't go to them because I had Kaiser and this guy like right here, this article he wrote for the Mayo Clinic.
Charles Dickens: So he's, he's very, very
Charles Dickens: Renowned so got to after I finished with you have to go and get my neurology medical records from Kaiser
Charles Dickens: Yeah, and figure out what to do from there and hopefully I can get on a plan to figure out what to do. But Dr. Jamison was saying maybe the psychiatrist. I didn't want to keep chatting back and forth in the group.
Charles Dickens: She's like, maybe the psychiatrists can help you with some additional medication. And I'm like,
Charles Dickens: Maybe I'm missing something like, I don't
Charles Dickens: Think like I've never had these issues until opioids. So I don't know what psychosis, or what she's talking about and why
Charles Dickens: Why, what what medication. Does she want me to take to address what like I don't I don't understand that. Like I don't are is she, and I'm not saying you are. But if you are like, am I being seen as someone with
Charles Dickens: Some type of psychosis issue that's not related to the Suboxone and opioids or she's saying it is because of the Suboxone because that's where I'm getting confused because I don't
Charles Dickens: Understand all the lines of depression and just buy me a on. I know all those disorders, and I'm like,
Charles Dickens: My life would completely change if I could get off the Suboxone
Charles Dickens: Be medically healthy and have a job, Gary. And then that should mean I would still have problems, but then we would be on that kind of evil playing field. That's what I feel like I get medically better
Charles Dickens: It'll address. Yeah, the psychological stuff that that's that's what I feel. I don't know if she thinks something else. And like I said, when I was last at Kaiser and the, er, they kept saying like
Charles Dickens: You know, before they
Charles Dickens: I don't know. I don't know if people are trying to think that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's more than what it is.
Charles Dickens: Yeah, because they're like, Are you sure you've never been hospitalized. I'm like, I've never there is no psychiatric history until the methadone. I'm telling you, like there is zero. The other opioids, where the
Charles Dickens: The seizures of I got the Methadone started this whole psychosis and they're like, Are you sure and then like we have to talk to your wife, and then
Charles Dickens: She means telling me, they're all like we think he's hiding something. And she's like, No, no, I'm telling you like this dude change once he started taking methadone that
Charles Dickens: That if people think like
Charles Dickens: An underlying schizophrenia or bipolar or something, but it's not. I don't hear voices I don't, I don't know, it's just
Charles Dickens: Maybe that's something I shouldn't even be thinking about, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, let's get you through your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Through your appointment on Monday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I, you know, don't. I'm a therapist. I'm not a doctor. And so there's that piece. So I'm here to help guide you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Through this process and to give you an outlet and to be able to walk you and talk you through all of these stressors in your life that you're going through so that it doesn't get worse for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's my role.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so what I am suggesting is that you get through your appointment on Monday, see what that doctor says, and take a look at that piece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because of it is you know strictly from the methadone and now you're on Suboxone and the plan is to take you off the Suboxone right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To get you to a point where you won't need it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe the neurologist has other options and other solutions for the things that you are experiencing because of the medication. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's how you and I will be working together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I don't know what Dr jamison's idea is or plan is, but I certainly can have a conversation with her and find out more, so that we can get some clarity on this part.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we can kind of dissect it a little bit and figure out, you know where to go from here. Again, I just think a lot is going to depend on this this doctor's appointment for you on Monday to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I've got to cut this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Out I have somebody else in the waiting room to. Can I put you on my schedule for Thursday again at nine o'clock for next week.
Charles Dickens: Yeah, I thought that what we were doing was
Charles Dickens: Every Thursday. Correct. Yeah.
Charles Dickens: Yeah, that's what I
Charles Dickens: That's what I have
Charles Dickens: So what's today the 27th. So yeah, so yeah, I haven't my calendar every Thursday at nine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, perfect. Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So next Thursday at nine o'clock, and we will come together by then I'll have information for Dr. Jamison, you'll have information from you. Your neurologist and we'll kind of go from there. Okay.
Charles Dickens: All right. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, try to have a good week. Charles. All right.
Charles Dickens: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Charles Dickens: All right, see you then. Bye. All right, bye.
iPhone: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you today.
iPhone: I'm good, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good. How are things going
iPhone: Going All right, nicely and kind of already
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why that's
iPhone: Great, I'm not sure I'm having a hard time on winding when I got off work at night.
iPhone: You know, stay asleep or asleep until two o'clock.
iPhone: So we try to manage that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How have you been managing trying to
iPhone: I'm trying to like lay down and like going to force myself to go to sleep.
iPhone: And shower like for a long time. When I get off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's changed in your schedule.
iPhone: From nothing's really changed but like as soon as I come home and you know us and then go to sleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
iPhone: And now I don't have to like put me to sleep. So everything is kind of that.
iPhone: Just without
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long have you been without
iPhone: I'm doing today is Day 17
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
iPhone: I'm kind of just learning how to walk again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it takes a little bit of time today, have you on any kind of see medication.
iPhone: Know,
iPhone: Without the Suboxone and the nausea medicine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so when do you see the doctor. Next.
iPhone: I miss counseling yesterday because I was sleeping. So I was hoping to see her on Monday, but out of meds now.
iPhone: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What Dr. E.
iPhone: Dr. Jamison
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I'll send
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Her a message really fast, why we're here and letting her know that you need a refill and that you're struggling with sleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So maybe you know there's something that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She can do
iPhone: I dropped my labs and they haven't been able to get in there.
iPhone: We have awareness hours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The
iPhone: I'm trying to get that done today is there.
iPhone: Whoops.
iPhone: Yeah, touch my phone and then weird happened.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Today,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I just put in a request for a refill on your meds and let her know that you are struggling with sleeping too so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that can be something that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That can be addressed, for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How the
iPhone: Hardest thing to manage
iPhone: Everything else is everything else has been going like, good, good.
iPhone: I'm trying to just like kind of like set little goals for myself. Can I get back on track.
iPhone: Like cleaning my room and like the planning it and making sure I clean it every day and kind of just trying to find like
iPhone: As many routines, as I can find right now.
iPhone: And so, like, stuff like journaling and like
iPhone: Today, and then like myself read again and just going to like try and find what I like, I don't really know what I like.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's like re rediscovering yourself again.
iPhone: Yeah, and it's been kind of interesting kind of anxiety inducing but you know
iPhone: Trying to figure all that out to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, what do you. What's your job. What are your hours at your job.
iPhone: I'm a waitress at a 24 hour restaurant. So I work
iPhone: All sorts of just
iPhone: Like all weekend. I'll be working from like 5pm until, like, you know, one 2am sometimes didn't work until like 4AM sometimes I go in at 9am and cut out at 3pm kind of just depends on the day. So that's also plays a part in like why my sleep is so weird. Yeah.
iPhone: I never know what I'm going to sleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, then that makes it a little bit harder with getting your physical and your mental back on track to, you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. Most people have routines and they're able to get back in a routine after a few weeks, you know, but when your schedule. So, up and down on all over the place. That makes it a little bit more difficult.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's still doable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's certainly still doable but it just takes a little bit. A little bit more.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How have you been eating.
iPhone: Not very much at all. I've been traveling a lot was actually like being hungry.
iPhone: I have smoked weed. A couple times. I gotta get my appetite going. And that was really helpful. And that's really like the only times I've actually
iPhone: So kind of gone like been going like two, three days without eating anything and then just kind of like snapping a little bit
iPhone: Throughout the week you know
iPhone: Yeah but yeah that's been another pretty solid challenge. It's trying to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trying to manage
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, there's two basic things that need to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Need to really be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: honed in on, I think, is what I'm looking for.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In order for your body to start healing and getting in.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A better routine as far as
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Getting better. You know what I mean like if you if you can't eat or you're struggling with putting nutrients in your body. Your body can't function that well and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It brings your immune system down and you're more susceptible to getting colds and you know getting sick and it's it's harder to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For mental clarity, it's harder for physical clarity. So even if you're may even if you're eating small little things throughout the day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And really being conscious about eating small little small little healthy things, you know, throughout the day. That's better than not eating at all. What about on water.
iPhone: Water. I'm really good about actually
iPhone: Drink like probably like about a gallon a day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so that's good.
iPhone: Yeah. One thing I'm going for me water consumption.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's good. You just got to keep up on that. But even if you're eating like a little bit of fruits and vegetables throughout the day, just something you know consciously really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Making yourself. Do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I know that you don't have an appetite. But putting some fluid or some fuel in your body is better than none.
iPhone: You know, yeah.
iPhone: I hear you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And whether it be Apples or oranges or you know whatever it look like just munching on things throughout the day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Almonds are really, really good to you know that
iPhone: Kind of keep them handy. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: definitely keep it you know even set a timer on your phone, you know, four, and five times a day to be able to on your waking hours, whatever your waking hours are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Being able to just, you know, fuel your body a little bit with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With nutrients.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: will definitely help you get through your process and I hear your dog in the background. What kind of dog do you have
iPhone: The Cockapoo
iPhone: Is the little boy Duke
iPhone: Is an old man.
iPhone: scrappy boy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was turned on its back and make
iPhone: That noise.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's an old man knows for sure.
iPhone: Yeah, certainly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So how other than that. How's everything else going, how has your mind been where's your mind been sitting at and your emotions. How have your emotions been
iPhone: I've had a couple days where I've been really irritable, for no reason.
iPhone: But to be honest. Like, I feel pretty clear.
iPhone: So like I've been having like, you know, pretty bad anxiety and like anxiety attacks and stuff, but I was expecting that no matter what.
iPhone: But they haven't been like quite as severe
iPhone: Over the last like week, which I think is pretty cool.
iPhone: But more so like I kind of describe wouldn't try to keep my mind I'm like my routine and
iPhone: Try to make sure I feel myself out of bed because it's been, I just have that's I've had like pretty low energy overall
iPhone: So I'm just
iPhone: Trying to take it like one step at a time and
iPhone: Pretty much work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and it gets better. You know it does. It gets better. It's just a process and you've just got to again be kind with yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make sure that you're putting fuel in your body. And I don't mean fueled by those energy drinks because I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely don't help with it, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Knowing that you know that you're going to feel better and better and better. The longer that you're going through this process and just giving yourself that that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay Enos to breathe and rest. Take it easy when you when you don't feel like it but really honing in on that sleep piece is going to be a big issue, you know,
iPhone: Yeah, I think that'll be super helpful. Like right now I slept for like three hours last night and woke up another. Okay, I'm ready to go.
iPhone: And other days, almost like like last Wednesday I slept like 17 hours. I went to sleep at like 5am and like woke up like seven or something like that. It was crazy.
iPhone: And I was kind of wake up my mom tried waking me up my dad tried waking
iPhone: Me up nobody could
iPhone: Get me moving
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. When your body's done your body's done and that's for sure. It says
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've got enough we're sleeping.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How have things been going with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With your recovery.
iPhone: As in, like,
iPhone: A craving stuff.
iPhone: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's start there.
iPhone: Well yeah, I really had like any severe cravings, to be honest.
iPhone: When I kind of get like a little like tidbits of cravings. I kind of just try and distract myself for a little bit, whether it's like watching a YouTube video.
iPhone: Or like messing with my dogs and usually by the time that like I think of that thought. Again, it's like so far back in my mind. I've been doing something else that like
iPhone: You know, I haven't even come close to using again, which has been pretty cool, like I haven't been able to get this far as comfortably years
iPhone: Yeah, so I feel like
iPhone: I feel pretty confident to me.
iPhone: Justin, like, you know, like I made the right choice. And it's kind of just acknowledging that like I kind of need to take everything, day by day, sometimes like second by second and
iPhone: Yeah, give myself more credit
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Very much so. You do, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which one
iPhone: Is like an app like it tells you, like all your milestones that you had. And like has like a breakdown of like ours, and seconds and everything. And that's been pretty cool to
iPhone: You know, watch. I send my mom a screenshot of it, like every day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's carry good, you know, knowing that you're, you know, you're willing to walk through these processes just, you know, that's huge.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, and I'm glad that you're taking it one step at a time. You know, one day at a time and just walking through it you know the best that you possibly can.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And confident. There's nothing wrong with having confidence you know in yourself to know that this is the path that you're choosing and this is what you want to do for your life. And that's vitally important to, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you're able to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about your environment, as far as old friends hitting you up wanting to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get you back trying to pull you back into that stuff. How's that been going
iPhone: No, my friends actually us at all. So, um, it's been
iPhone: I've been more open with my friends about it like that. I was traveling with it. You know, so I'm doing right now.
iPhone: And everyone's been really receptive, but I haven't really had like anybody trying to pull me back into it. It's like that part of my life was like so separate from
iPhone: My life not like it hasn't been
iPhone: Hasn't like shown up anywhere like
iPhone: Anything like like I'm cleaning my room like just felt good, because that was kind of living in this
iPhone: Cycle just going around and, you know, not caring about where I am.
iPhone: And
iPhone: You know that's been like good from a mental health and also the cravings and everything. It was just like having my nice little space.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That I can
iPhone: Light a candle sit on my floor.
iPhone: Not be sitting on a pile of clothes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
iPhone: I haven't really I don't know if we've ever really encounter too many instances where I'm going to be around people that will make me want to use anything like that but I'm also nervous for like the day is like where I'm like, super anxious
iPhone: That's what I'm going to want to use them. Like I did have, like, my boyfriend and I are you doing during the week and it's got pretty shitty. So that was like one of the biggest craving. I've had so far, I would say.
iPhone: Is like I just wish I could like numb this out and like drown it out. Yeah, and
iPhone: Yeah, I find myself busy.
iPhone: Like I'd like to
iPhone: Like my grocery shopping with my mom and just try to stay
iPhone: Moving and then I fell asleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that way.
Yeah.
iPhone: Now that is a, like a bit better with him, but I'm also like to remind myself that like his moves and Stephen nothing to do with me and I focus on myself. Instead of, you know, being caught up in his bullshit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry, which is a good. That's a good, that's okay. That's a good place to actually be. You know what I mean is detaching from you know what he's going through with love and realizing that isn't about you. It's about him, you know,
iPhone: I can live with her without him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just knowing that knowing that either which way you're going to be okay you know that there's nothing in the there's nothing that can happen in this life that you need to go back to us and again for and that feels like a like such a big
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: broad statement, but from experience. I know that to be true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, we can go through some of the hardest things and we get to go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Through some of the hardest things in our life when we're sober. But when we're using. It's like it's done to our growth and being able to walk through, you know, hard stuff in our life and it's always waiting for us when we get sober anyways.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're just
iPhone: Going to worse to. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just kind of prolonging what's going to happen anyway.
iPhone: So, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's no fun, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's good that you're able to identify that. And you know detach a little bit from it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you going are you going to any kind of meetings or any kind of support or
iPhone: Other like there's these online groups that I'm in on Facebook.
iPhone: Because I'm I don't drive or anything that's part of what makes like has made this so hard for me is that I'm kind of stuck at home like my mom.
iPhone: My brother and sister and dad are all disabled. So my mom kind of takes care of them all day. So like, pretty much. I just kind of get my ride to work and like
iPhone: You know, I don't really get much time to say, Okay, can I get a ride this point my disappointment. So I've been going to a lot of online appointments basis.
iPhone: Like online support groups and stuff. And there's like a lot of like
iPhone: Men's recovery things and they like cover like a whole bunch of stuff from like the BT to like
iPhone: Stuff like like books like it's like a book club type of thing and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Fff. And that's pretty cool. Good, good, good, good. I try to encourage a lot of people to, you know, especially if they're limited on their
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ability to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get places.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be able to engage in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That kind of support system online because you got to have something. I mean, you gotta learn how to change the way you think you got to learn how to manage
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anxiety and DVD is really, really a good way to help manage
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, if you learn those skills and you learn those tools, then you know what I mean when you're stuck in a really bad anxiety attack you can calm yourself down and you can work on pulling yourself out of it just takes a lot of practice, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But being able being able to do that is huge, you know. So how many, how many times a week do you go well.
iPhone: Every day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
iPhone: Yeah, I joined like there's like one lady in particular that I really liked so she has a chat every single day. And so, get on there and you know like talk with the ladies. And, you know,
iPhone: It's like they're always the two. There's always someone in mind, you know, yeah, which is pretty cool.
iPhone: Always somebody to talk to you that knows what you're going through.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That
iPhone: Yeah, I've been a little more nervous about going to like meetings in real life, to just because, like, a lot of the plot. I know.
iPhone: Yeah, and like where I work. There's like a lot of people that come in, like, it's like
iPhone: Their parties and stuff.
iPhone: Like this, like this in a group and our town. So you know I don't want it like run into work or whatever.
iPhone: Just makes me nervous. But I'm thinking about going
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, if you're engaging in in you know group online that's in and nobody at its finest. You know, nobody needs to know that you're, you know, this is your path. This is your course nobody needs to know, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I think that face to face meeting sometimes forget that that that is a foundation of recovery is being able to, you know, work on yourself in a manner that is safe for you without judgment and so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Knowing that you're getting that online is is huge, you know,
iPhone: Online support has been awesome from like this all the way to like all the groups on Facebook and stuff. I didn't know there was this much like available either
iPhone: Which was pretty cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Very much so. I try to encourage everybody to they can't get to it. Then go online, because you'd be amazed at what you find, and tell me some of the things will be that you and I can work on while we're working together.
iPhone: I kind of want to work more on my routines and finding more like habits. I can do that would kind of better my day, whether it's like things like
iPhone: Some forms of like meditation or like, you know, like workbooks or anything like that. You know what I mean like I like something like that. I kind of, I can incorporate into my day every day. You know what I mean.
Yeah.
iPhone: And then, and honestly kind of just like like more coping mechanisms can I kind of want to build my toolbox, much as I can during this time and
iPhone: And that's my number one problem is just like learning how to code and you know live again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Live
iPhone: And whatever whatever tools. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Exactly. Just
Feel
iPhone: Alive and do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, just know that with you, engaging in in your DVD group you're going to gain a lot of a lot of coping skills learning those those skills DVD is, in my opinion, is one of the best
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Therapeutic tools that you can possibly have because it teaches us how to stay present today, you know, keeps us out of the past keeps us out of the present, it helps us learn how to communicate.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Evaluate situations and detach for detach from things that are going to do us harm. And it helps us become assertive in our communication, get our needs met in a healthy manner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It helps us except things radical acceptance is one of my favorite, favorite things, you know, and really being able to identify if your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: mindset is in. Are you being willing or are you being willful. Are you stuck in your, your will or are you really doing things in a willingness manner, which is a huge piece of it, to which I absolutely love that concept as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there are all these different tools that you can learn through DPT that really can build your toolbox up to be able to work with your anxiety. Learn how to communicate manners that are healthy for you and that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Help you deal with your anxiety to help you deal with cravings, they can. I mean, they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One of the ones that I that I really like is when you're, you're in the heat of the moment, and you're trying to calm yourself down but nothing's working
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And your anxieties crazy and you don't know, you know, your mind is racing and there you're sitting and you don't know what to do but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They suggest doing things as going in the kitchen and grabbing ice cubes and putting them in your hand and holding them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because then your focus gets out of your head and all fear, anxiety and into the coldness of your hand, which is what it wants what it's meant to do is to pull you out of that anxiety state and focus on what's going on with the coldness right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mindfulness is huge.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wise mind, you know, is another one. And you know, when you are not sure if you were in the right state of mind to be able to deal with things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, are you really responding to situations out of your emotional mind or your logical mind you know there. You've got to kind of be find that center for you in the middle. And so a lot of the tools.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are going to be really, really beneficial, you know, in that area.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about, do you have a lot of negative thinking that's going on or are you able to curb it
iPhone: I do a lot of negative thinking I've never really been able to
iPhone: Curb be honest.
iPhone: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's something definitely like negative self talk
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's something that we can definitely work on because negative self talk is toxic.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that really kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can be a downfall. For a lot of people not being able to get out of that negative thought process.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you're able to change that negative thought process to to something that becomes more positive and being able to look at things in a different manner. It raises your self worth is self esteem, you know, your belief system search stop, you know, starts changing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All of those things to make us become more healthy
iPhone: I agree.
iPhone: Like I had to work on. So I would love to work on that as well.
iPhone: Definitely
iPhone: Definitely a more
iPhone: Compassionate to myself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, because you know what, if you're not compassionate and take care of yourself everything around you suffers.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And so being able to do that. It's going to be huge. And so, all right. So there's something else that we can work on throughout this process.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And and do we have your email.
iPhone: You have it. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. So I'll start sending you like little things to work on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That will help you as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your email for you to be able to read and review and take a look at
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which will help you and start changing that that process and different thoughts, different things to read what do you are you reading any kind of daily meditation or reflections.
No, I'm not actually
iPhone: There.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can actually download anything like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can actually download some things for your phone to read like I get this thing every day from
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's called the universe and messages from the universe. And it's really kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: self worth uplifting, I think, and it's just you know daily thing that I read every day to realize, you know why I started on this venture. What I'm doing it for and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Helps me believe that that I matter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'll send you the link
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you can get connected up into it and it's really kind of personal because they actually, it's almost like they're talking, you know, it's talking to you. And it's nothing major. It's just you know us paragraph a day, you know, and to help you kind of change that that mindset.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then there's just for today. And then there's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, different ones that you can download on your phone and read
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I like the one from codependency is kind of one of my favorite ones. And that also helps
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we'll explore those options, a little bit more
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So the more
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. I want a bunch of them and try and find what I like, totally, you know, and just explore and see which ones you know work for you and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The more positive that we put inside our brain.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The easier it is to turn our negative thoughts into positive, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To combat them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so we'll work on that that piece as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What are some of the other things that you want to work on.
Um,
iPhone: I kind of want what kind of like ties in to that but I kind of want like more confidence in myself. I kind of work on that and kind of cycle. We're not a like like myself and like one becoming and
iPhone: You know, not be so caught up and you know the past
iPhone: I also
iPhone: I bought a trauma that's happened in my life. And so, kind of like learning how to leave that in the past.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Would be awesome.
iPhone: It's always been hard for me.
Yeah.
iPhone: And not be so afraid of the future.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
iPhone: pretty terrifying.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, I understand that way.
iPhone: I'm never right here. We're always in the future in the past.
iPhone: And
iPhone: You know with mindfulness, either. I can't really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With mindfulness. It can help you stay in stay in the present moment and stay out of the future and stay out of the past, and it really, really, can it can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It doesn't help you cut ties from the past, but it definitely helps you say, Wait, I'm stuck back there. I need to get back here. I need to get in here today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so will kind of really hone in and work on that piece as well. Have you ever been into any kind of trauma therapy.
iPhone: Yeah, majority of like the
iPhone: Class that was offered to us. I did like 23 weeks of that. And then I've done like intensive outpatient a few times and I've done like PTSD groups and
iPhone: One on one and stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about. Have you ever engaged in anything like am Dr.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you, you froze, a little bit what
iPhone: I've never heard of that one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It MTR really kind of takes you back to specific memories and helps you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Helps you work through the trauma around the memories.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is really what it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I let me put you we just have we just have a therapist or started with us, and she specializes in trauma therapy in EM Dr. And so it's really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's really powerful and beneficial to help let go of those things in the past that are holding us back there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So let me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me see about getting you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: An appointment with her and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Being able to help you engage in that piece to help you work, work through that stuff.
iPhone: Super frozen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know you keep freezing on me.
iPhone: Superbad
iPhone: Russia why
iPhone: Take all the tools that can get
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then we'll meet will meet weekly. Is this a good time for you to meet with me on a weekly basis.
iPhone: Yeah, I'm almost on Thursdays and I'm usually awake by this time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me check into the EM Dr. And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me set you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Up weekly
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and I will get you pinned on my schedule for Thursdays at 11am and we'll start working on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Working on different coping skills and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The email.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Work.
Weekly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Universe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Link Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going to get you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: see about getting you on sorry the schedule for em, Dr. And then we'll continue to meet weekly and start building up some coping skills.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I will email you different things to be able to read or take a look at or work through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'll send you the daily affirmation link for you to be able to get signed up and really explore those, you know, if you don't, if you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you don't connect with the one that I send you really take a look at different ones. You know that there is out there so that you're getting that daily positive feed in your head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, to help you can combat those negative thinking and this week I want you to start paying attention to when you find yourself focusing on the past or you find yourself stressing out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or living in fear for your future. I want you to pull yourself back in and think about what you're what you're feeling what you're hearing what you're smelling. And what you're seeing in that moment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, kind of do a do a complete self check in, in that moment and tell yourself. I can't do anything. I'm powerless over the future. Right now I'm powerless over the past but I'm powerful in this moment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I want you to tell yourself that when you find yourself stuck in the past or stuck in the future and bring yourself back into checking in with yourself. Checking in with your senses.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To see you know what you're seeing what you're smelling what you're what you're feeling right there. And I want you to, to, to tell yourself what you're feeling
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, really, with your hands.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell yourself what you're what you're smelling and try to identify three sounds, try to identify three smells try to identify
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And touch three different services, you know, whether it be a blanket, a bed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A SHOE a piece of clothing, but really try to check in with yourself in those areas. And when you're practicing that you pull yourself out in your anxiety lessons.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You pull yourself out of that fear.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so that's going to be your first assignment.
iPhone: Okay, I can definitely do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does that make sense.
iPhone: Yeah, that sounds definitely doable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can do that one. Okay. Okay. Alright, so I'm going to let you go, and I'm going to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Find out about getting you an appointment with Serena and get you some work email to you or some different affirmations to to get to you for you to start being able to read these things. Okay.
iPhone: Okay, sounds awesome. Okay, my email checked.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. So you focus on mindfulness. And I want you to really kind of next week. I want you to give me a summary of how it worked for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Figure out if you struggled with it or if it was easy for you and where we need to to hone in on it a little bit and change for it to to fit you. Okay. Okay.
iPhone: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so that's what you'll work on this week and then I will see you here, next week at 11am
iPhone: Okay.
iPhone: Sounds good. I see them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. Bye. Libby. All right.
Bye bye.